.env file for env vars (#8968)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_env-file-considerations.md

Here are some considerations when defining environment variables in the `.env` file:

> - The `.env` file provides a convenient way to set environment variables that work across both the CLI and the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `.env` file provides a convenient way to set environment variables that work across both the CLI and the VS Code extension.
```

> - It is recommended to place your `.env` file in the project root and running dbt commands from that location because the file is loaded _only_ from your current working directory. It doesn't support the `--project-dir` flag or <VersionBlock lastVersion="1.10">`DBT_PROJECT_DIR`</VersionBlock><VersionBlock firstVersion="1.11">`DBT_ENGINE_PROJECT_DIR`</VersionBlock> environment variable, and dbt won't search your project root if you're running commands from a different directory location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We recommend placing your `.env` file in the project root and running dbt commands from that location because the file is loaded _only_ from your current working directory. It doesn't support the `--project-dir` flag or <VersionBlock lastVersion="1.10">`DBT_PROJECT_DIR`</VersionBlock><VersionBlock firstVersion="1.11">`DBT_ENGINE_PROJECT_DIR`</VersionBlock> environment variable, and dbt won't search your project root if you're running commands from a different directory location.
```
